Fixing and adding chapters (#189)
infinum/wordpress-handbook: How we do it in WordPress/Eightshift Docs.md

[Eightshift docs](https://eightshift.com/) is the site that is used as the main documentation for the Eightshift Development kit. 

Besides the official documentation for our blocks and PHP part of the library, the site holds

- Storybook with block and component examples
- Sass documentation for all the custom mixins, function and placeholders
- Blog posts with useful tutorials

> - Showcase of sites created using the Eightshift Development kit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Showcase of sites created using the Eightshift DevKit
```
